What this program does:
-Measures sensors.
-Activates devices in response to measured data.
-Puts data in SensorData.csv file.
-Exports data online into a Google Spreadsheet.
-Writes a log file of events.
-Sends notifications through Discord (Optional, see instructions below).
-Sends notifications through text (Optional/costs money, see instructions below).


What you can do with the spreadsheet:
1. Filter the data:
	a. Go to the "Time Data" sheet (see bottom left), go to "Data", then "Filter views...".
	b. Pick one of the filters I made, or pick "Create new filter view".
	Note. You can only use one filter view at a time. To filter more precisely, go to the pivot table.

2. View a graph of the data:
	a. Go to the "Main Graph" sheet. There it is. It's a line graph.
	b. The graph updates automatically to any filters applied.

3. Use the data table:
	a. Go to the "Data Table" sheet. Using the +/- buttons, you can view data from an entire year, down to a certain hour.
	b. If you click on it, the "Pivot table editor" should open.
	c. Here, you can drag to change the order of the different time categories, switch them between row/column, and add/delete them.
	Note. "STD" stands for Standard Deviation, a measure of variance from the average.

4. Create your own graph using the data table:
	Example. Graph the average of the entire first column of data over the seven days of the week.
	a. Move the "Day of Week" category into the columns section, and all the other time categories into the rows section.
	b. Go down to the bottom "Grand Total" section, select the cells labeled "Avg of [data 1]".
	c. While it's selected, go to the top, click "Insert", then click "Chart". Do whatever you want with the chart.
	d. To graph different data over a different type of time, change the quoted parts of steps a & b.


Note for using the config file: The Discord/text notifications are optional.
If you don't want to use them, put a space where you would normally put in the required information.

Setting up Discord notifications:
1. Create a Discord account if you don't have one.
2. Create a Discord server.
3. Add the bot to it by going to this link: https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=534861471637700639&scope=bot&permissions=8
4. Get the server ID (Can't do this part on mobile, use Discord on a computer):
	a. Right click the server's icon on the left side of the Discord window.
	b. Select "Server Settings" -> "Widgets" -> "Server ID" and get the server ID.
	c. Put the server ID into the config file. (Example: '13778242316320768').

Setting up text notifications:
1. Create a Twilio account.
2. Type this information into the config file: Account SID, Auth Token, Active Phone Number (+15942305840), and your own phone number.